== Welcome to Drxfer

Drxfer (or DRXFER, or drxfer, or Dr. Xfer, or just Dr. X) is a Digital Records Transfer system, a web application created to allow record owners to transfer their born-digital records into a dropbox filesystem in accordance with pre-existing transfer agreements.

This application was created in 2011 to meet a need at Mount Holyoke College, where Archives & Special Collections arranges to receive digital records transfers from various departments, offices, and programs. The transferred records are stored on a file server, from which they will in due course be retrieved, processed, and delivered to a permanent home for preservation and access as appropriate.

== Configuration

You will need to create at least the following config files:

* config/database.yml

* config/ldap.yml

* config/environments/production.rb

* config/initializers/notifications.rb

== Operation

The three basic units in the app are Users, Folders, and Agreements, which can be managed though the web UI by admin users.

* *Users* use LDAP for authentication

* *Folders* are where uploads are stored, configured as +transfer_destination_base_path+ in +config/environments/*.rb+

* *Agreements* specify which Users can upload things to which Folders.


== Branches

This application was developed in Ruby 1.9.2-p290 with Rails 3.1.12. A working copy of that code is saved in the *rails3.1* branch.

The *rails3.2* branch ran in an environment with Ruby 2.0.0-p648 and Rails 3.2.0.

The *rails4.2* branch ran in an environment with Ruby 2.2.2-p95 and Rails 4.2.9.

The *rails5.1* branch ran in an environment with Ruby 2.4.2-p198 and Rails 5.1.4.

The *rails5.2* branch ran in an environment with Ruby 2.4.2-p198 and Rails 5.2.5.

== License

Drxfer is released under the terms of the {MIT license}[http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.html] reproduced below.

Copyright © 2011 Sven Aas

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
